Chore: (Docs) Adds CSF 3.0 docs on auto title feature (#18214)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/configure/sidebar-and-urls.md

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

## Permalink to stories

By default, Storybook generates an `id` for each story based on the component title and the story name. This `id` in particular is used in the URL for each story, and that URL can serve as a permalink (primarily when you [publish](../sharing/publish-storybook.md) your Storybook).

Consider the following story:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

<CodeSnippets
  paths={[
    'common/foo-bar-baz-story.js.mdx',
  ]}
/>

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

Storybook's ID-generation logic will give this the `id` `foo-bar--baz`, so the link would be `?path=/story/foo-bar--baz`.

It is possible to manually set the story's id, which is helpful if you want to rename stories without breaking permalinks. Suppose you want to change the position in the hierarchy to `OtherFoo/Bar` and the story name to `Moo`. Here's how to do that:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

<CodeSnippets
  paths={[
    'common/other-foo-bar-story.js.mdx',
  ]}
/>

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

Storybook will prioritize the `id` over the title for ID generation if provided and prioritize the `story.name` over the export key for display.

## CSF 3.0 auto-titles

> Storybook 6.4 introduced CSF 3.0 as an experimental feature, allowing you to write stories more compactly. Suppose you're already using this format to write your stories. In that case, you can omit the `title` element from the default export and allow Storybook automatically infer it based on the file's physical location. For example, given the following configuration and story:

Reviewer: When you say `CSF 3.0` and refers with `using this format` I really feel like there should be some link or reference to that. Also, auto title is not necessarily tied to CSF 3.0! It's a logic in the parsing of CSF files that should work with CSF2 (or CSF1) stories too

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

<CodeSnippets
  paths={[
    'common/storybook-main-configuration-src-dir.main-js.js.mdx',
    'common/component-story-auto-title.csf3-story.js.mdx',
  ]}
/>

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> When Storybook loads, the story can show up in the sidebar as `components/My Component`. While accurate for most cases, it could lead to naming issues when loaded.

Reviewer: > it could lead to naming issues when loaded

what kind of issues?

### Auto-title filename case

Starting with Storybook 6.5, story titles generated automatically no longer rely on Lodash's [startCase](https://lodash.com/docs/#startCase).
Instead, the file name casing is preserved, allowing additional control over the story title. For example, `components/My Component` will be defined as `components/MyComponent`.

If you need, you can revert to the previous pattern by adding the following configuration:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

<CodeSnippets
  paths={[
    'common/storybook-manager-render-label-stories.js.mdx',
  ]}
/>

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

### Auto-title redundant filenames

> In addition to improvements to the story file name casing, a new heuristic was introduced, removing the filename if it matches an existing directory name or an `index.stories.js|ts` file. For example, `components/MyComponent/MyComponent.stories.js` is defined as `MyComponent/MyComponent` in the sidebar.

Reviewer: I had a bit of trouble understanding this paragraph. What do you think of this suggestion?

```suggestion
In addition to improvements to the story file name casing, a new heuristic was introduced, removing redundant names in case the filename has the same name as the directory name, or if it's called `index.stories.js|ts`. For example, before `components/MyComponent/MyComponent.stories.js` was defined as `Components/MyComponent/MyComponent` in the sidebar. Now it will be defined as `Components/MyComponent`.
```
